Q. Do you plan to update this?
A. Yes, I have several new features I plan on adding to the next version, but
   welcome more suggestions..

Q. Where do Images go?
A. /shop/images/

Q. What format can images be?
   The mod checks for a .jpg first, then uses .gif without a check. If there is
   neither a picture error box will appear.

Q. How do you add an item?
A. In the admin panel update the shop you wish to add the item to.

Q. Does removing a shop delete all the items from the people who own them?
A. Yes, if your forum is rather large, it's probably not a good idea to do this
   while it's busy as it does take quite a few large loops to complete.

Q. What does restocking do?
A. It increases the item stock until it reaches the max amount, every amount of
   time specified by you.

Q. What does multiple item buying do?
A. Allows your users to buy more than 1 of each item.

Q. What does Viewtopic Type do?
A. This is a setting to allow you to disable images while viewing topic. It's
   mainly there so people with huge amounts of items don't flood your forum's
   screens. Link just leaves the link to their "inventory", Images leaves the
   link and Images.

Q. What does selling rate do?
A. Changes the amount people are given back when returning an item. This is in
   a %. 100% is a full refund.

Q. How do I make the effects shop work?
A. In the admin control panel for the shop, click on the edit button next to 
   special shop.

Q. What is the access forum field for?
A. It allows you to set up private forums that can only be accessed when a user 
   owns a certain item. Make sure view/post/read/edit are all set to PRIVATE if 
   you want to make use of this feature.

Q. Do you have more modifications?
A. Yes, visit http://www.knightsofchaos.com/zarath/mods/ to view a list of them.


And more questions, suggestions or comments? Email me at zarath@knightsofchaos.com
If you wish to donate money (anything over a dollar) to help support to creation of 
my modifications, paypal to ice_rain_@hotmail.com